technotes: update router auth note (#427)
apollographql/docs: src/content/technotes/TN0004-router-authentication.mdx

When using the Apollo Router as the entry point to your federated supergraph, you have a few options for authenticating incoming client requests:

- [Delegate authentication to your subgraphs.](#authenticate-in-subgraphs)
- [Use the JWT Authentication plugin](#use-the-jwt-authentication-plugin) to your supergraph.
- [Use a coprocessor](#use-a-coprocessor).

> In fact, you can [combine all three strategies](#combining-authentication-strategies) to create a more robust authentication system!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In fact, we recommend you [combine all three strategies](#combining-authentication-strategies) to create a more robust authentication system!
```
